in these forests it's a bird that is
about as unburden
it is possible for a bird to be it's
nocturnal though it sometimes wakes up
before sunset it has whiskers so it can
feel its way in the dark
[Music]
it's apparent and weighing up to four
kilos it's the world's heaviest and yes
you've guessed it it can't fly meet the
kakapo too heavy and short wing to get
airborne it climbs trees instead
[Music]
kakapo were once one of the most
successful and abundant herbivores in
New Zealand the Kiwi equivalent of our
rabbit in 1899 explorer Charlie Douglas
wrote they could be caught in the
moonlight by simply shaking the tree or
Bush until they tumbled to the ground
like shaking down apples
[Music]
it's favorite food is up above the tiny
seeds of the remute tree
this fruit fuels kakapo reproduction and
they only breed when the trees produce a
bumper crop so about once every four
years
kakapo breeds slower than any other bird
but they also live longer sometimes more
than a hundred years